25. ---- \_\_\_\_ won the first place in the “Super Girl” singing competition?---- Lucy did.A. Who B. When C. Where D. Why26. Shops in big cities are \_\_\_\_ than those in the country.A. expensive B. more expensive C. most expensive D. the most expensive27. You \_\_\_\_ play football in the street. It's too dangerous.A. wouldn't B. needn't C. mustn't D. couldn't28. It's snowing now. You'd better \_\_\_\_ your car slowly on a snowy day.A. drive B. drove C. driving D. to drive29. My little brother asks me \_\_\_\_ him a story every day.A. tell B. told C. telling D. to tell30. Today, more and more people enjoy \_\_\_\_ things online.A. buy B. bought C. buying D. to buy31. Don't turn on the radio. Grandpa \_\_\_\_ now.A. sleeps B. is sleeping C. has slept D. slept32. ---- Have you ever seen the cartoon Tom and Jerry?---- Yes. I \_\_\_\_ it many times.A. see B. saw C. will see D. have seen33. ---- The pizza \_\_\_\_ by my mum just now. would you like to have some?---- Yes, please.A. was made. B. made C. is made D. makes34. ---- Could you please tell us \_\_\_\_ the World Expo in Shanghai?---- In July.A. when you will visit B. why you will visit C. when will you visit D. why will you visit35. ---- \_\_\_\_?---- Yes, please. I want to buy some CDs for my son.A. How do you do B. What's wrong with you C. Can I help you D. Is that Mary speaking五、完形填空。(共12分,每小题1分)I watched as my little brother was caught in the act. He was sitting in the corner of the living room, a \_\_\_\_ 36 \_\_\_\_ in one hand and my father's hymnbook (赞美诗集) in the other.

As my father walked into the room, my brother cowered slightly (轻微地畏缩). He sensed that he had done something \_\_\_\_ 37 \_\_\_\_ . I could see that he had \_\_\_\_ 38 \_\_\_\_ my father's new hymnal and scribbled (乱涂) in it. Now he was waiting for his punishment.

For my father, books were knowledge. They were important to him. And yet he loved his children. What he did next was \_\_\_\_ 39 \_\_\_\_ . Instead of punishing my brother, he sat down, took the pen from my brother's hand, and then wrote in the book himself, alongside the scribbles John had made: “\_\_\_\_ 40 \_\_\_\_ work, 1959, age 2.” How many times have I looked into your beautiful face and into your warm eyes looking up at